README.md, before:

# Rust Build Environment

A set of [docker][00] images prepared for providing a comprehensive build
environment for [rust][01] projects. There are four images to choose from,
depending on your needs:

- [`stable`][D0]: Based on the `latest` tag of the official [rust docker
  image][H0];

- [`stable-slim`][D1]: Based on the `slim` tag of the official [rust docker
  image][H0];

- [`nightly`][D2]: Based on the `nightly` tag of the nightly [rust docker
  image][H1];

- [`nightly-slim`][D3]: Based on the `nightly-slim` tag of the nightly [rust
  docker image][H1];

Each one of the built images is guaranteed to provide some extra tools. However,
these tools are installed automatically from either the package directory or the
latest source release, so no guarantee is performed as to a specific version of
the tools being installed. The provided tools are:

- Rustup components
  - [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy)
  - [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)

- General tools
  - [git](https://git-scm.com/)
  - [HTTPie](https://httpie.org/)
  - [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

- Extra Compilation Targets
  - `x86_64-unknown-linux-musl`

A utility script is supplied to check the versions of all of the tools provided
in the build environment. This script is executed on shell login so that you
always have the summary of the build environment, however you can invoke it
yourself with `echo-buildenv.sh`, if necessary.

If you do not want to build the images yourself you can always use one of the
[pre-built images][H2] available.

[D0]: Dockerfile.stable
[D1]: Dockerfile.stable-slim
[D2]: Dockerfile.nightly
[D3]: Dockerfile.nightly-slim
[H0]: https://hub.docker.com/_/rust
[H1]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rustlang/rust
[H2]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rpsrosario/rust-buildenv
[00]: https://www.docker.com/
[01]: https://www.rust-lang.org/

Commit message:

Add nightly and weekly builds
Docker Hub's automated builds trigger whenever the base images are
updated. In order to ensure that the CircleCI-driven images also keep up
with base image updates two schedules are added: a daily schedule that
should pick up nightly tags with a minimum delay and a weekly schedule
to pick up the stable tags.

README.md, after:

# Rust Build Environment

A set of [docker][00] images prepared for providing a comprehensive build
environment for [rust][01] projects. There are four images to choose from,
depending on your needs:

- [`stable`][D0]: Based on the `latest` tag of the official [rust docker
  image][H0];

- [`stable-slim`][D1]: Based on the `slim` tag of the official [rust docker
  image][H0];

- [`nightly`][D2]: Based on the `nightly` tag of the nightly [rust docker
  image][H1];

- [`nightly-slim`][D3]: Based on the `nightly-slim` tag of the nightly [rust
  docker image][H1];

Each one of the built images is guaranteed to provide some extra tools. However,
these tools are installed automatically from either the package directory or the
latest source release, so no guarantee is performed as to a specific version of
the tools being installed. The provided tools are:

- Rustup components
  - [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy)
  - [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)

- General tools
  - [git](https://git-scm.com/)
  - [HTTPie](https://httpie.org/)
  - [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

- Extra Compilation Targets
  - `x86_64-unknown-linux-musl`

A utility script is supplied to check the versions of all of the tools provided
in the build environment. This script is executed on shell login so that you
always have the summary of the build environment, however you can invoke it
yourself with `echo-buildenv.sh`, if necessary.

If you do not want to build the images yourself you can always use one of the
[pre-built images][H2] available. The nightly tags are built once per day while
the stable tags are built once per week, so the build environments should be
fairly up-to-date.

[D0]: Dockerfile.stable
[D1]: Dockerfile.stable-slim
[D2]: Dockerfile.nightly
[D3]: Dockerfile.nightly-slim
[H0]: https://hub.docker.com/_/rust
[H1]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rustlang/rust
[H2]: https://hub.docker.com/r/rpsrosario/rust-buildenv
[00]: https://www.docker.com/
[01]: https://www.rust-lang.org/
